What this is about: <a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;wiki&#x2e;okfn&#x2e;org&#x2F;Wg&#x2F;linguistics">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;wiki.okfn.org&#x2F;Wg&#x2F;linguistics</a><br/>Where the other minutes have gone: <a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;wiki&#x2e;okfn&#x2e;org&#x2F;Special&#x3a;Search&#x2F;Wg&#x2F;linguistics&#x2F;minutes&#x2F;">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;wiki.okfn.org&#x2F;Special:Search&#x2F;Wg&#x2F;linguistics&#x2F;minutes&#x2F;</a><br/>TELCO Dec 3rd 2015, 10:00 am CET (Berlin time)<br/>participants (please add yourself&nbsp; &amp; skype account)<br/><ul class="indent"><li>CC Christian Chiarcos (christian.chiarcos)</li><li>BK Bettina Klimek</li><li>JM John McCrae&nbsp;</li><ul class="indent"><li>LA lupe.aguado</li></ul></ul>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; JG Jorge Gracia (jogracia)<br/>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; SM Steve Moran (stivits)<br/><ul><ul class="indent"><li>MV Marta Villegas&nbsp;</li><li>Yoshihiko Hayashi&nbsp;</li><li>JEK Judith Eckle-Kohler (eckle-kohler)</li><li>SN&nbsp; Sebastian Nordhoff (thuan_seb)&nbsp;</li></ul><li>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; AS&nbsp; Andrea Schalley (andrea.schalley1)</li><li>PC Philipp Cimiano (philipp.cimiano)</li></ul></ul>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; VR V&#237;ctor Rodr&#237;guez (vroddon3)<br/><ul class="indent"><li>JB Julia Bosque Gil (jbosgil)</li><li>SH Sebastian Hellmann</li><li><br/></li></ul>participants (5&#x2F;11): JM, JG, JB<br/>participants (4&#x2F;2): JM, BK, SM, JG, JB<br/><ul class="indent"><li><br/></li></ul>prep<br/><ul class="bullet"><li>last telco Aug 27th, 2015, 10:00am</li><li>main topics then: wrapping up summer events</li></ul><br/>agenda (please add)<br/><ul class="bullet"><li>orga</li><ul class="bullet"><li>introducing new members (if any)</li><li>developments since last telco</li></ul><li>recent developments</li><ul class="bullet"><li>workshops and summer schools</li></ul><li>updates on standing issues</li><ul class="bullet"><li>update on W3C community groups</li><li>infrastructure for metadata hosting&#x2F;LingHub</li><li>best practices</li><li>legal issues</li><li>data category discussion</li><li>publications and dissemination</li></ul><li>upcoming&#x2F;plans</li><ul class="bullet"><li><br/></li></ul><li>Contributions&#x2F;dissemination</li><ul class="bullet"><li>Linguitistic-Lod.org</li><li><br/></li></ul></ul><br/>orga<br/><ul class="bullet"><li>regular telco</li><ul class="bullet"><li>Doodle: telcos on a regular basis: normally every 4 weeks, Thursday, 10:00 am CET&#x2F;Berlin time</li><ul class="bullet"><li>JB: 10:00am-01:00pm rather poor for UPM attendants, t.b.c.</li><li>TODO: doodle mid-October</li></ul></ul><li>organizational issues [updates?]</li><ul class="bullet"><li>wiki site: <a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;wiki&#x2e;okfn&#x2e;org&#x2F;Wg&#x2F;linguistics&#x2F;tasks">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;wiki.okfn.org&#x2F;Wg&#x2F;linguistics&#x2F;tasks</a></li><ul class="bullet"><li>task assignments &#x2F; contact persons (last and current telco)</li><ul class="bullet"><li>JM&#x2F;CC -&gt; LLOD diagram</li><li>SN (SH) -&gt; OKFN liaison</li><li>CC&#x2F;JM -&gt; telcos</li><ul class="bullet"><li>AS -&gt; supporting</li></ul><li>?? -&gt; blog&#x2F;website&#x2F;wiki</li><li>BK -&gt; LLOD&#x2F;datahub metadata</li><li>Victor -&gt; legal issues</li></ul></ul></ul></ul><br/>updates<br/><ul class="bullet"><li>new projects&#x2F;new people ?</li><ul class="bullet"><li>SH: H2020 calls coming up soon</li><li>Some projects apply for&nbsp; funding for standardization of linguistic formats, e.g. NIF and others, please include a line in your proposal to join efforts</li><li>FREME: ...<a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;freme&#x2d;project&#x2e;eu&#x2F;">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;freme-project.eu&#x2F;</a></li></ul><li>recent events:</li><ul class="bullet"><li>LLOD session at ESSLI (<a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;www&#x2e;esslli2015&#x2e;org&#x2F;&#x29;">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;www.esslli2015.org&#x2F;)</a> --&gt; TBC by AS</li><li>NLP&amp;LOD2 (<a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;www&#x2e;bultreebank&#x2e;org&#x2F;NLP&amp;LOD2&#x2F;NLP&amp;LOD2Program&#x2e;html&#x29;">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;www.bultreebank.org&#x2F;NLP&amp;LOD2&#x2F;NLP&amp;LOD2Program.html)</a>&nbsp;</li><li>SH: FREME Hackathon in Leipzig on 10&#x2F;11.11., topic detection+NER, project-internal, but open to attendants</li></ul><li>website&#x2F;wiki&#x2F;blog activity</li><ul class="bullet"><li>TODO: blog post, publication, update website on &quot;ling. relevance&quot; -&gt; CC [help needed]</li><li>JM: website of llod diagram migrated to linguistic-lod.org</li><ul class="bullet"><li>contribute via github, any feedback? <a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;github&#x2e;com&#x2F;liderproject&#x2F;linguistic&#x2d;lod">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;github.com&#x2F;liderproject&#x2F;linguistic-lod</a></li><li>JM: idea: central site to coordinate on-going activities. plus diagram</li><li>TO DISCUSS: division of labour between linguistic-lod.org and OWLG web site</li><ul class="bullet"><li>to contribute: pull request on github -&gt; JM: email to mailing list</li></ul></ul></ul><li>Open Knowledge Foundation</li><ul class="bullet"><li>[SN, via email]: could support creating flyers&#x2F;stickers, etc.</li><ul class="bullet"><li>require input (see mailing list): CC: sent text to BK, TODO: BK: doing an excerpt &amp; filling in template (see mailing list)</li></ul></ul><li>W3C Community Groups (OntoLex, LD4LT; for BP-MLOD, see &quot;best practices&quot; below)</li><ul class="bullet"><li>LD4LT</li><ul class="bullet"><li>LingHub: aggregate language resource metadata using LDL, primarily supported by LIDER project; 7 partner EU project;&nbsp; lider-project.eu&#x2F;, mid-term: by FREME)</li><li>JM: not very active at the moment -&gt; discussion at LDL how to coordinate our activities</li><li>JM: Propose that all LIDER activities are moved to OWLG</li></ul><li>OntoLex: <a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;www&#x2e;w3&#x2e;org&#x2F;community&#x2F;ontolex&#x2F;wiki">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;www.w3.org&#x2F;community&#x2F;ontolex&#x2F;wiki</a></li><ul class="bullet"><li>JM: quite active at the moment, closed public debate, internal consolidation, then on W3C servers, then maybe ISO</li><li>summer: moving to monitoring&#x2F;advising&#x2F;use, etc.</li></ul><li>BPMLOD relasing final reports. See <a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;bpmlod&#x2e;github&#x2e;io&#x2F;report&#x2F;">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;bpmlod.github.io&#x2F;report&#x2F;</a> and <a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;www&#x2e;w3&#x2e;org&#x2F;community&#x2F;bpmlod&#x2F;">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;www.w3.org&#x2F;community&#x2F;bpmlod&#x2F;</a></li><ul class="bullet"><li>Final reports to be published soon</li></ul></ul></ul><br/><ul class="bullet"><li>diagram</li><ul class="bullet"><li>diagram generation</li><ul class="bullet"><li>JM: new diagram, dynamically generated SVG (<a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;linguistic&#x2d;lod&#x2e;org&#x29;">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;linguistic-lod.org)</a></li><ul class="bullet"><li>Latest: <a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;linguistic&#x2d;lod&#x2e;org&#x2F;images&#x2F;llod&#x2d;cloud&#x2d;latest&#x2e;svg">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;linguistic-lod.org&#x2F;images&#x2F;llod-cloud-latest.svg</a></li><li>we will issue static ones from time to time</li><li>(print) publication of July version meant to be part of LDL intro, instead possibly moving to LLOD-LSA postproceedings</li><li>on publications: LREC publication (Oct 15)</li><ul class="bullet"><li>BK: Datathon results? -&gt; contact the groups -&gt; JM</li><li>BK: Datathon survey answers (when Jorge gets back: JB: maybe next week)</li><li>JM: public github repository, announcement on the mailing list</li><li>AS: maybe not the whole mailing list, but contributors to workshops (both authors and regular reviewers), web presence, diagram, resources etc.?</li><ul class="bullet"><li>selective: [AS]&nbsp;</li><li>to mailing list (contribution via github): [JM] [BK] [JB]</li><ul class="bullet"><li>=&gt; mailing list</li></ul></ul><li>-&gt; JM</li></ul></ul></ul><li>new LLOD diagram to be announced by LIDER (JG), March [waiting until linguistic-lod.org to be announced]</li><ul class="bullet"><li>DONE: cross-reference to the OWLG</li><ul class="bullet"><li>if so, OWLG consents as decided in Jan 2014 telco; TODO: confirm</li></ul><li>TODO: announcement via mailing list and other channels, our blog -&gt; Jorge&nbsp;</li><ul class="bullet"><li>brief announcement by JM on Mar 25</li><li>TODO: blog</li></ul></ul><li>Dynamic LOD Cloud: <a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;dynamiclod&#x2e;dbpedia&#x2e;org&#x2F;">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;dynamiclod.dbpedia.org&#x2F;</a></li><li>monthly diagrams</li></ul><li>need to push infos on mailing list and blog</li><li>discussing &quot;Linguistically Relevant&quot; (discussion concluded, kept here for reference)</li><ul class="bullet"><li>wiki page <a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;wiki&#x2e;okfn&#x2e;org&#x2F;Wg&#x2F;linguistics&#x2F;llod&#x2d;categories">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;wiki.okfn.org&#x2F;Wg&#x2F;linguistics&#x2F;llod-categories</a></li><ul class="bullet"><li>minor revision approved in Mar 2015 by all attendants =&gt; TODO: update website (CC)</li><ul class="bullet"><li>&nbsp;A dataset is <strong>linguistically relevant</strong> if it provides or&nbsp; describes language data that can be used for the purpose of linguistic research or natural language processing. Besides linguistic resources in&nbsp; a strict sense (1), this includes other resources (2) that can be used for&nbsp; annotating, enriching, retrieving or classifying language resources.</li><ul class="bullet"><li>(1) <strong>Linguistic resources in a strict sense</strong> are resources which&nbsp; have been intentionally created for the purpose of linguistic research&nbsp; or natural language processing, and which <em>contain linguistic classifications, annotations, or analyses</em> or have been used to <em>provide such information about</em> language data.&nbsp;&nbsp;</li><li>(2)<strong> Other linguistically relevant resources</strong> include all other resources used for linguistic research or natural language processing, but not necessarily created for this purpose, e.g., large collections of texts such as news articles, encyclopedic or terminological knowledge or general knowledge bases such as DBpedia, or metadata collections, but only <em>if they include incoming or outgoing links with at least one linguistic resource in a strict sense</em>.</li></ul></ul></ul></ul><li>Data category discussion for LLOD diagram [postponed]</li><ul class="bullet"><li>aligning with Meta share and LREmap&nbsp;</li><ul class="bullet"><li>CC, Riccardo del Gratta, Penny Labropoulou at LLOD Datathon in June: META-SHARE vs. LRE-Map, OWL model</li></ul><li>TODO: align with current diagram categories (linguistic-lod.org) -&gt; Mailing list (WHO?)</li></ul><li>infrastructure for meta data hosting (linghub)</li><ul class="bullet"><li>datahub</li><ul class="bullet"><li>remains to be recommended as tool for entering and maintaining metadata</li><li>quality poor, fake resources [SM]</li><ul class="bullet"><li>in case of issues when generating the diagram, request fixes from Martin Br&#252;mmer (AKSW Leipzig), he has admin rights oin datahub.io</li></ul></ul><li>migrating to LingHub [experimental]</li><ul class="bullet"><li>semiautomatically populated from Datahub and other sources</li><li>new LLOD diagrams refer to LingHub</li><li>experiences ?</li></ul><li>sustainability of linghub?</li><ul class="bullet"><li>JM: new URL <a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;linghub&#x2e;org">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;linghub.org</a> (@JM)</li></ul></ul><li>best practices</li><ul class="bullet"><li>BP-MLOD</li><ul class="bullet"><li>BPMLOD relasing final reports. See <a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;bpmlod&#x2e;github&#x2e;io&#x2F;report&#x2F;">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;bpmlod.github.io&#x2F;report&#x2F;</a> and <a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;www&#x2e;w3&#x2e;org&#x2F;community&#x2F;bpmlod&#x2F;">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;www.w3.org&#x2F;community&#x2F;bpmlod&#x2F;</a></li><li>ACTION: JG to announce this though list and blog</li><li>JM&#x2F;PC: W3C community group (<a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;www&#x2e;w3&#x2e;org&#x2F;community&#x2F;bpmlod&#x2F;&#x29;">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;www.w3.org&#x2F;community&#x2F;bpmlod&#x2F;)</a> [May 2014]</li><ul class="bullet"><li>TODO: brief description in blog [-&gt; JM]</li></ul><li>JG: started on drafting specifications for different&nbsp; scenarios, announced via different channels&nbsp;</li><ul class="bullet"><li>TOCHECK: owlg mailing&nbsp; list?</li></ul></ul><li>best practices @ Wiki&#x2F;Blog</li><ul class="bullet"><li>best practices regarding modeling linguistic data in RDF&#x2F;OWL (literature, tutorials ...) ?</li><ul class="bullet"><li>JEK created a Wiki page and announced it on the mailing list (Sep 2014)</li><li><a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;wiki&#x2e;okfn&#x2e;org&#x2F;Wg&#x2F;linguistics&#x2F;ontology&#x5f;building&#x5f;for&#x5f;linguistic&#x5f;resources">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;wiki.okfn.org&#x2F;Wg&#x2F;linguistics&#x2F;ontology_building_for_linguistic_resources</a></li></ul><li>ACTION (nice-to-have): describe the problem and make a blog post for pemanent reference</li><ul class="bullet"><li>start from here:&nbsp;</li><ul class="bullet"><li><a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;wiki&#x2e;okfn&#x2e;org&#x2F;Working&#x5f;Groups&#x2F;Linguistics&#x2F;How&#x5f;to&#x5f;contribute">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;wiki.okfn.org&#x2F;Working_Groups&#x2F;Linguistics&#x2F;How_to_contribute</a></li></ul><li>Priorities: openness versus standardization versus discoverability versus linkage</li><li>JG:&nbsp;&nbsp; cross-links with BP-MLOD, outcomes of BP-MLOD -&gt; OWLG, working on&nbsp;&nbsp; several guidelines, distributed around in order to invite feedback, not&nbsp; much yet</li></ul></ul></ul><li>legal issues</li><ul class="bullet"><li>Victor Rodriguez volunteered to look into that in the OWLG context</li><li>linguistic-lod.org: dynamic diagram visualized with license information</li><ul class="bullet"><li>what to do about non-open resources, e.g., BabelNet?</li><ul class="bullet"><li>visualizing non-open licenses?</li><li>discuss status of NC&#x2F;SA data sets</li><li>-&gt; thread on mailing list</li></ul><li>quality checks (-&gt; SH)</li><li>define criteria. Discuss at <a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;wiki&#x2e;okfn&#x2e;org&#x2F;Talk&#x3a;Working&#x5f;Groups&#x2F;Linguistics&#x2F;How&#x5f;to&#x5f;contribute">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;wiki.okfn.org&#x2F;Talk:Working_Groups&#x2F;Linguistics&#x2F;How_to_contribute</a></li></ul></ul><li>open issues</li><ul class="bullet"><li>LLOD cloud has grown, which quality criteria to enforce?</li><ul class="bullet"><li>data quality</li><ul class="bullet"><li>Leipzig&#x2F;Madrid: data quality checks (t.b.c)</li><li><a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;lodlaundromat&#x2e;org">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;lodlaundromat.org</a></li></ul><li>originality (?)</li><li>licensing status</li><ul class="bullet"><li>availability already checked</li></ul><li>access limitations ?</li></ul><li>DOI( URI)s instead of mere URIs ? (Doug Cooper @ LIDER datathon, June, Spain)</li><ul class="bullet"><li>JM: difficult to obtain, buffer overflow (?)</li></ul></ul></ul><br/>publications and dissemination<br/><ul><ul class="bullet"><li>creating OWLG flyers, etc. ?</li><ul class="bullet"><li>input to SN! -&gt; BK</li></ul><li>2015 OWLG progress report</li><ul class="bullet"><li>part of introduction to LDL-2015&nbsp; proceedings =&gt; ACL Anthology (cf. LDL-2013, LDL-2014 for earlier progress reports)</li><li>-&gt; see above, LREC, LLOD-LSA post =&gt; both</li></ul><li>LREC publication</li><ul class="bullet"><li>open call (see above), github -&gt; JM</li><li>BK: inpiut from Datathon</li></ul><li>LDL-2013,2014,2015 postproc&#x2F;MLODE-2014&#x2F;MSW-2015 postproc plans ?</li><ul class="bullet"><li>LDL II book (?)</li></ul><li>SWJ special issue ?</li><ul class="bullet"><li>quite slow, but had one for MLODE-2012 already</li></ul><li>LREJ special issue ?</li><ul class="bullet"><li>suggested by Nicoletta Calzolari at LDL-2014, LREJ editor; note that Nancy Ide (LDL-2015) co-organizer, is also editor</li><li>LLOD-LSA will head for an LREJ special issue</li></ul><li>Second book on Linked Data in Linguistics ?</li><ul class="bullet"><li>discussions with Springer as a follow-up to &quot;Linked Data in Linguistics&quot; (2012)</li><li>JM: open access? support by LIDER?</li><li>JB: Asun back by next week (?) -&gt; CC</li></ul><li>other plans?</li></ul></ul><br/>upcoming: events on Linguistic Linked Open Data,&nbsp;<br/><ul class="bullet"><li><br/></li></ul><br/>upcoming: plans for LDL-2016<br/><ul class="bullet"><li>workshop at LREC-2016</li><ul class="bullet"><li>earlier discussion:</li><ul class="bullet"><li>currently preferred by LDL-2015 organizers (as discussed in public at LDL-2015 and subsequently briefly at OWLG telcos)</li><ul class="bullet"><li>after LDL-2015 in Asia, we need to return to Europe in order not to strengthen our ties with the European community again</li><li>LDL-2015 clearly showed that the LLOD is a topic of growing importance in the Language Resource community, but the NLP community is currently developing into another direction</li><ul class="bullet"><li>this doesn&#x27;t prevent us from having an event at COLING or ACL, but the title didn&#x27;t attract much spillover from the main conference</li></ul></ul><li>t.b.c. overlap with other workshop proposals</li><li>the Japan option</li><ul class="bullet"><li>Yoshihiko Hayashi &lt;hayashi@lang.osaka-u.ac.jp&gt; (June 25 2015) asked for a discussion on the venue of LDL-2016:</li><ul class="bullet"><li>My colleagues in Japan (Dr. Seiji Koide, and Prof. Hideaki Takeda of NII) and myself would like to present bids to host LDL-2016 as one of the co-located workshops of ISWC-2016, which will be held in Kobe, Japan, during 16-20 October, 2016. As you may know, ISWC is a top conference in the semantic Web field, the workshop selection might be selective. Still it would be a great opportunity for us to demonstrate a range of activities in the LDL area.</li><li>As you might know, Kobe is a nice city located in Kansai (west) area of Japan, not far from famous cities like Kyoto, Nara, or Osaka. <a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;swsa&#x2e;semanticweb&#x2e;org&#x2F;content&#x2F;iswc&#x2d;2016&#x2d;will&#x2d;be&#x2d;held&#x2d;kobe&#x2d;japan">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;swsa.semanticweb.org&#x2F;content&#x2F;iswc-2016-will-be-held-kobe-japan</a>, <a href="http&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;www&#x2e;city&#x2e;kobe&#x2e;lg&#x2e;jp&#x2F;foreign&#x2F;english&#x2F;">http:&#x2F;&#x2F;www.city.kobe.lg.jp&#x2F;foreign&#x2F;english&#x2F;</a></li><li>As far as I&#x27;ve heard from Prof. Hiedaki Takeda, who will serve as the local chair of ISWC-2016, the call for workshop proposal will be issued around mid-March, 2016, meaning that we have time to deepen the discussion.</li></ul><li>extending the scope</li><ul class="bullet"><li>ISWC workshop with slightly different scope</li><ul class="bullet"><li>LD and no-LD (not only LD) =&gt; Francis Bond?</li><li>Open Government (Vocabularies) =&gt; t.b.c with Seiji Koide</li></ul></ul><li>Sebastian proposes &#x27;KILT&#x27; (Knowledge Integration and Language Technology):&nbsp;</li><ul class="bullet"><li>measure integration of existing datasets with DBpedia</li><li>John: Must have peer-reviewed papers</li><li>challenges, measured by ?AKSW</li></ul><li>Suggested idea: NLP&amp;LD (replacing NLP&amp;DBpedia)</li><li>SH: COLING instead of ISWC ?</li></ul></ul></ul><li>Potential subtitles</li><ul class="bullet"><li>CC: &quot;Managing, enhancing, and using linked language resources&quot;</li><li>SH: &quot;Interacting with Language Resources&quot; - specify in the first sentence of the call.</li></ul><li>Potential Hot Topics:</li><ul class="bullet"><li>applications</li><li>quality</li><li>infrastructure, data management</li><li>standards&#x2F;Vocabulary&#x2F;dataset description&nbsp;</li><ul class="bullet"><li>DCAT</li><li>NIF</li><li>Ontolex</li><li>domain specific vocabs</li><li>licenses</li></ul><li>linking</li></ul><li>Tentative organization committee:</li><ul class="bullet"><li>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; John, Christian, (Bettina, Julia), Thierry or Nicoletta, Elena, ?Petya</li><li>&quot;Student chairs&quot;: PhD students informally involved, with acknowledgments in the proceedings: Bettina and Julia, more ?</li></ul><li>invited speakers</li><ul class="bullet"><li>Felix Sasaki on standardization ?</li><li>Uwe Quasthoff on Leipzig language resources ?</li></ul><li>TODOS:&nbsp;</li><ul class="bullet"><li>setting up a gdoc and inviting people =&gt; JM</li><li>ask OC members =&gt; SH (-&gt; Nicoletta), JG (-&gt; Elena), CC (-&gt; Petya)&nbsp;</li><li>inform co-organizers of the last LDLs</li><li>LDL organizer telco next week =&gt; JM</li></ul></ul><br/>previous organizers:<br/>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<br/><ul><ul><ul class="bullet"><li>Christian Chiarcos&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; (2012, 2013, 2014, 2015; Data Challenge 2014)</li><li>John Philip McCrae&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; (2013, 2014, 2015; Data Challenge 2014)</li><li>Philip Cimiano&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; (2013, 2015; Data Challenge 2014)</li><li>Petya Osenova&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; (2014, 2015)</li><li>Nancy Ide&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; (2015)</li><li>Elena Montiel&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; (2014)</li><li>Kiril Simov&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; (2014)</li><li>Antonio Branco&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; (2014)</li><li>Nicoletta Calzolari&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; (2014)</li><li>Milena Slavcheva&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; (2014)</li><li>Cristina Vertan&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; (2014)</li><li>Thierry Declerck&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; (2013)</li><li>Sebastian Hellmann&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; (2012)</li><li>Sebastian Nordhoff&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; (2012)</li></ul></ul></ul><br/>Minutes (3.12)<br/>- No new items<br/>- LDL-2016<br/><ul class="indent"><li>- Suggestions to add demo track?</li></ul>- Workshop at ISWC<br/><ul class="indent"><li>- Related name or not?</li><li>- Sufficient interest?</li><li>- More appropriate name for SW community?</li></ul>- Interaction with W3C<br/><ul class="indent"><li>- Multiple groups with multiple viewpoints?</li><li>- Can we maintain both data?</li><li>- Is &#x27;open&#x27; a block to attracting industry participation?</li><li>- Directly contact Lider partners&nbsp;</li></ul>- Bettina suggest creating flyer for Open Linguistics:<br/><ul class="indent"><li><a href="https&#x3a;&#x2F;&#x2F;github&#x2e;com&#x2F;OKFN&#x2d;OWLG&#x2F;promo&#x2F;tree&#x2F;master&#x2F;flyers&#x2F;LDL2015">https:&#x2F;&#x2F;github.com&#x2F;OKFN-OWLG&#x2F;promo&#x2F;tree&#x2F;master&#x2F;flyers&#x2F;LDL2015</a></li></ul>Next Telco: Thursday Jan 7th<br/><ul class="indent"><li><br/></li></ul><br/>
